Dare to threaten Xueqing
I see you don't want to live anymore
Enough, I'm not finished yet
What's your hurry?
I mean he wants to get married and have children
Lu Xueqin is also his wife
But I'm no longer Lu Xueqin
I am Li Xueqin now
Xiaoqiang
I'm not clear enough
You are a nice person.
But you're just someone who doesn't understand how to only be worthy of the same class
You are not worthy of Li Xueqin
Only Sun Jia is my Liang Pei
Sorry brother
We can't fight the Sun family
For you, your parents
I can only do this.
Hahahaha
Do you hear me?
I know who doesn't deserve it.
Disgraceful fool
Ball, don't make a fuss
Why haven't you left yet?
Are you also worthy of attending the Li family's birthday banquet?
Still want to lie to me
Growing up, your ears turn red when you lie
This is the best result.
Go away.
But it's not good for you.
I am your man
How can I let you take it all for me?
Trust me, I will take care of Yaya
Give your mother and daughter a happy and beautiful life
You can't give
Our Li family doesn't need you to give
The old lady is finally here
If you don't come, I don't think this birthday banquet will be held
Ouch, Mr. Sun
The old woman will solve it soon.
Lack of money will only marry into the Sun family
It's you who made nonsense in my Li family
Everything I say is true
Grandma, he will try his best.
effort
Only you stupid girl would believe it
Grandma Elf teaches you a lesson
Let you know that he is nothing in front of the wealthy
Yeah.
Come and read the list of gifts from the Sun family
In front of Secretary Lu is the Li family
I heard it all clearly
That adult is in the Li family to celebrate his birthday
We offer him congratulations
Make no mistake.